the junior officer is an interesting animal, especially eight years. They're
way over, confident. All of us are way overconfident, and probably
it's because we have a romanticized view of flying aircraft. The
junior officer is one of the most ubiquitous officers in any type
of unit, so they're going to be everywhere all the time. As faras delegation
is concerned, the junior officer should probably need a tow.
Learn to delegate first, and that usually comes from talking with
their non commissioned officer that may be working with them. Contrary
to popular belief, the a mentor for an officer can often be a non
commissioned officer. And in some ways, that's more appropriate because
that's who you're really gonna learn from. They will show you
how to delegate. And then as you learn and glean information from them,
you can kind of make your own decisions on how much you should insert
yourself in certain situations and and weirdo and whereto generally
back off and just let things run themselves. Uh, most importantly,
I think it's just you need to show that your present you need to
know your people. You need to know they need to know you're around,
but you also need to stay out of the way so you don't prevent them
from doing what they're really good at.